@  027 - Sawbuck - Ten dollar bill
@ 101 - Speak - Speak easy
@ 235 - Puss - Face
@ 245 - Chopper - Machine gun
@ 507 - Gabby - Talkative
Times are tough.
So most people are
working hard to get along.
Young men are, trying to do well on
their jobs. Thinking of their families.
Of getting ahead
so they can buy a house.
And then a little car
to go driving on Sundays.
Here is another sort of city,
but only of men.
Many of them still in their twenties.
They work because they have to.
But society hopes the will continue
to work after their release.
Sometimes society succeeds...
Sometimes it fails tragically.
The prison authorizes and parole board
were confident they had succeeded
Lester N Gillis.
Soon to be better know as...
Hi Les. Long time, no see.
Get in.
- Who told you I was getting out?
- What's the difference.
You need a ride into town don't you.
Get in.
Come on. Hop in.
I asked you.
Who told you I was getting out?
The guy who got you out.
Guy who got me...
I got myself out by being a good boy.
- Must have took some doing.
- It did, it did.
Who's the joker taking the bows
for getting me parole?
- Rocca.
- Rocca?
Is he still alive?
Why?
You can ask him when you see him.
I'm only going to see the parole officer
and him because I have to.
That cheap suit and sawbuck
they gave you ain't gonna last long.
You're gonna need money.
If I need money,
don't worry about me kid, I'll get it.
The parole officer will
want you to get a job.
- I'll get one.
- You have one.
With Rocca.
Hello shrimp.
I'll be with you in a minute.
Simmer down little man.
You ain't going nowhere.
That's a hundred I owe you Matt.
I'll pay you later.
Well, how does it feel
to be outside for a change?
If I'm not interrupting your game,
Mr. Rocca, maybe I could find out.
You ain't talking to a screw now.
If it wasn't for me, you'd
still be inside for quite a stretch.
Don't forget that.
I've got a big investment in you.
I've got a big job for you little man.
If it's a big job.
why get a little man?
Maybe I don't know
any big men I can trust.
Come on. I'll show you.
You're wound up like a watch.
We've got to do something about that.
Tell me...
Do they let you read the newspapers
up there? - Sure.
When they serve breakfast to us in bed.
They sure must have
rousted you around shrimp.
You don't like my size, let me off
and I'll buy a pair of elevator shoes.
You talk like you're a kid.
You're OK or you wouldn't be here.
Hey, take a look up ahead.
Guys out of work all over the country.
Kids going hungry. And those bums beat
them up if they try to make a buck.
Is that where you make your slot
machines or you've got a still in there?
No. I'm branching out.
You've got to.
Soon they'll be selling booze in
delicatessens. Won't need prescriptions.
So I found me a new gravy train.
Somebody's got to be civic minded.
Guys who don't want to work
ain't good citizens.
I ain't a particular good citizen.
Nobody's asking you, kid.
Give the tall guy with no hat
a good look so you won't forget him.
The one with the glasses.
That's Steve Guarari
- He's an organizer.
- So?
So you start him organizing.
Guys in that racket don't listen good.
They've been worked on by cops, I hear.
Cops don't talk loud enough.
- We must have met different cops.
- I guess so.
The ones I know are on my payroll.
How loud do I have to talk?
One or two words ought to do it.
And for saying them, you get a grand.
He lives there.
Comes home about six for dinner.
About 7:30 goes down to union HQ.
Bunch of his boys
hanging around there so...
this is the best place.
Here.
You're not my man?
I don't knock off any poor slob
whose been slapped around by the cops.
- That's a funny reason.
- I'm a funny guy.
Maybe I should have left you in the can.
I could put you back again.
But... I ain't going to.
You know why?
Because you're a funny guy
with funny reasons.
I find something else for you to do.
I know some cops need talking to.
It's kind of rich for my blood ain't it?
Say my name in this hotel,
they'll give you a ring.
Gerry'll be in touch with you.
Keep your nose clean.
Solly.
See nobody gets their fingers
caught in the cash register.
Sue... is this guy OK?
Reach back and buzz that buzzer.
There's a fellow ask... oops.
No wonder you weren't hearing good.
OK.
Go on in Jim.
Haven't they
knocked over that speak yet?
Every couple of weeks.
Hey, this is no good.
Let's get out of here.
I'm the only one around tonight
who can pass them through.
- I'll be off in... three hours.
- Three?
You know how long three hours is to me?
Longer than it is to me.
- Your place?
- I've got a room mate.
Ophelia.
306, The Stirling.
Don't bother to knock.
I won't be asleep.
Somebody did the job.
Skip it.
Three hours.
I thought I told you not to knock.
- Get out of bed.
- Wait men.
- He's clean.
- What d'you mean I'm clean?
Hey come on.
What are you guys after here?
What are you doing?
Put that rod away will you.
If you tell me what you're looking
for pal, I can help you.
What ya looking for?
You got a lot of nerve. Look I...
I gotta sleep in this room pal.
You're going to have a nice long sleep.
You know it ain't right for you coppers
to come in here like this...
Tear a guy's room up.
It ain't right I tell you.
You don't come into a...
You've been around enough to know
a better place to hide a gun...
I'm not going to be
a patsy for a thing like that.
- I suppose you never saw it before.
- I never saw...
While you're here, why don't
you two dirty bums take a bath.
When I left the hotel, before I saw you
I went for a walk in the park.
Sitting there watching the pigeons
when they shot the guy.
Rocca had them plant the gun.
I saw no one. No one saw me.
I can't prove it.
I can't prove nothing.
I'm dead.
- I going to see Rocca.
- You stay away from him...
I don't want him knowing
anything about you, see?
Why couldn't they have waited
just one night.
- Go on. Get out.
- I'll come back on Friday.
- I won't be here. I'll see you
next Monday when I come up for trial.
- A month's too long to wait.
- Time's up!
Board!
Slow down. We don't want
to get picked up for speeding.
- You're all right honey.
- I've got you some clothes and stuff.
They're in the back with mine.
- Were you seen at the station?
- I don't think so.
- We'll must split up for a couple days.
- No
I've lived without you enough.
- Everyone will be looking for me.
- Then they'll be looking for both of us
Your luck is due for a change.
Fat slob Rocca double-crossed me.
He's gotta die.
- I don't care if I go with him.
- Well I do.
I'm gonna rub this guy.
I'm gonna be moving fast.
I don't care what you do.
I'm staying with you.
Then we're going back to Chicago.
That's the way it has to be.
They were coming up the steps.
And he was laughing.
Real loud.
He's not laughing now.
I put two slugs in his big fat belly.
Him and the other two.
- Baby. easy. - Take them
a month to scrape him off the cement.
Stop it baby. It's all over.
Big blue Rocca. All it took
to cut him down to size was this.
the cops will sure be looking
for Lester Gillis now.
They won't be looking for Nelson.
- What d'you mean?
- You got all of me except my name.
Why don't you take that too.
Nelson?
Yeah, OK.
Any name's better than my old man's.
- I need a drink. Find a drug store.
- Have you got a prescription Mr...
Nelson?
Yeah. I've got a prescription...
Mrs. Nelson.
they're selling radios now.
You don't need that.
- Give me a pint of Harpers.
- Got a prescription?
While I'm getting it,
give me the whiskey.
This prescription call for two bottles
and everything in the tin box.
I'll be right with you.
Don't move.
- I... I've been hit.
- Bad?
I... I think it's just my shoulder.
- I'll get you to a doctor.
- a doctor?
- Are you nuts? I can't go to a doctor.
- The one I know you can.
Take it easy baby. It's a long ride.
Wait here baby.
Lie still. They'll come and get you.
Alright, honey.
Coming.
I have to see the doc right away.
- Do we know you?
- You ought to.
Oh yeah.
I'll see if he's up.
Patient to see you Dr. Saunders.
- Go on in.
- Thank you.
Doctor Saunders?
Susan, eh, right?
I never forget the free ones.
There's a man in the car, he's...
- He's hurt.
- Do I know him?
- He's my husband.
- Don't remember you being married.
He's bleeding badly.
Won't you hurry?
Don't you worry your pretty little head.
The doctor'll take care of him.
Our Martha will take the deposit.
Give me a cigarette will you.
What you trying to do, kill him?
You two must have just got married.
A sick man's lucky to have
a tonic like that around.
When do we get out of here?
- Any particular hurry?
- You don't come cheap.
- Neither does this room.
- Let's see.
Well, you could
get out of here tomorrow.
But I wouldn't advise it.
And this isn't a medicine man speaking.
You're lucky it was only a.22.
They leave a nice, clean, small hole.
If he puts his hands on you again,
he's going to be a patient here himself.
Come here Sue.
- You heard what the doctor said.
- That I could get out of here tomorrow.
I'm good for you baby.
Honey you're
just what the doctor ordered.
I was camping and
the gasoline stove blew up in my face.
Did I ask you?
I was saving you the trouble.
My husband didn't know
his rabbit gun was loaded.
Yeah.
Here's something for you to read pal.
They've got you going
in the wrong direction.
Even got the wrong name.
Hey.
That fellow there...
I wonder what puss
is under those bandages.
Whoever it is,
he won't be doing any talking.
- Hey, did you notice his fingers?
- Yeah.
Go get the doc and find out who he is.
And don't let him touch you.
I don't want him near you.
I don't want his fingerprints on you.
You boys wait here.
Come on buddy.
Well boys...
- Who's the baby face?
- The one I wrote you about.
- His name's Gillis.
- The name is Nelson.
- Dillinger.
- I heard about you.
- Still carrying around that wooden gun?
- No I traded that in for a chopper.
- Know how to use one.
- Just pull the trigger and hang on.
You better know
what you're talking about.
What's the job in line Bessell?
Now pay day's Friday.
The paymaster's office is right here.
The money wagon pulls in exactly 11:55.
It better be. The men will be swarming
all over the joint for lunch at noon.
Was I ever wrong yet, Johnny?
You better not be wrong about
what's in that money wagon either.
Been around $70,000
every week for the last six months.
Does the armored car back up to the
paymasters office, or park alongside?
- It pulls alongside.
- How do we get in the joint?
There's a fence and a gate
and guards at the gate.
- Just asking a question.
- OK Baby Face, you got your answer.
My name is Nelson.
I like nicknames.
What outfits service the joint,
you know, milk
bottled water, ice.
Ones that use closed trucks.
Or did you forget to find out.
How many jobs have I sold you Johnny?
The ones with the check mark only come
when called, the others every day.
I want to come every day Ralph.
Any of you jokers ever learnt a trade?
I can put a washer on a faucet.
- Or unplug a stopped up can.
- That's good enough.
Pick yourself a beat up paneled truck.
Fix it like it comes from
Ace Plumbing Company.
Put some tools in it.
We ain't the kind of plumbers
that go home to get them.
See you. Come on.
So that's the big man, huh?
Number one on the G list
big enough for ya?
Yes.
That's big enough.
Somebody dropped their watch
down the drain or something.
- Be kind enough to open the gate.
- Is Joe sick?
Yeah, hangover.
Got to stop making his own.
Does it take two of you to fix a drain?
Ever try running a snake though
all by yourself pal?
Let me look at your work order.
Alright. Go ahead.
Tell Joe to lay off the cleaner fluid.
Park it over there by the fire hydrant.
- About that time,
- Yeah.
- Sure you know how to use that thing?
- Are you kidding?
How come you didn't use
a chopper on Rocca and his boys?
Who's Rocco?
If you didn't know,
you wouldn't be sitting along side me.
Truck's late.
Tell me something I don't know.
What's the matter with you?
Give us a hand.
Get in there.
Come on. Hurry it up.
Captain Moores, Mr. Markey.
Markey's with our F.B.I. in Chicago,
assigned to the Dillinger case.
We followed your man's trail this far
and then lost it.
- It was Dillinger?
- We're almost sure.
We'll know positively pretty soon.
Fingerprints are all over the truck,
Blood too. Somebody got it bad.
Alas poor Yorrick.
I knew him well.
Hey Doc. Save some of that.
He might as well have kept his own face
for all the good my retread job did him.
He didn't get
much mileage out of it did he?
And here's a pillow for his head.
Are you gentlemen sure
that's deep enough?
D'you want it deeper?
Well, I imagine it will suffice.
Poor John Hamilton.
Unwept, unhonoured and unsung.
But he won't be lonely.
There are many of his ilk hereabouts,
sleeping here in unmarked graves.
- The wages of sin. Et tu Brutus.
- Shut up.
- Why don't you cover yourself up.
- Hey, I'm trying to get a tan.
That ain't all you'll get.
The sun is shining.
Take advantage of it.
I sunburn easy.
You need some suntan lotion.
I've got some in my office.
Why not bring me some next time.
Come to the office my dear.
It's all in the way it's applied.
Like he says. If you're not careful,
you'll wind up being your own patient.
That wouldn't be the first time
a woman got me into trouble.
Then I lost my license.
I know I should have said no,
but she was so lovely.
Just like you my dear.
- We'd better talk about you doll.
- What's so interesting about me?
My ankles aren't trim.
My legs aren't shapely.
My figure ain't interesting.
I was thinking of your practice.
You must meet a lot
of interesting people.
I don't find them so.
Do you?
Only one of them.
I'm telling you John, if the doc don't
keep his hands off Sue, he's a dead man.
Lay off him baby face.
We need him in our business.
- Sue ain't our business.
- So you're taking her out of here?
- Am I?
- Yeah tonight.
We'll drive you and the boys to a place.
You'll wait there for me.
Doc says I got to
stay in bed for a while.
- How long is a while?
- What's it to you?
- I don't want to stick around here.
- Count the dough you made.
I was thinking of calling Fatso
and buying a bank job for us.
Forget it.
I said forget it!
They're my boys.
You don't give them orders.
You're not cold enough inside.
- What's that mean?
- You blow up too easy.
Like when that whistle went off,
you shoot up the joint.
If you don't want me around
I can always...
I want you around
as long as you do as you're told.
- You're the number one man John.
- That's right.
I'm the number one man.
Pull the car round the back Miller.
Rest of you guys bring that junk in.
You heard him. Get the stuff out.
When d'you start
taking orders from that punk?
I've seen him use a chopper.
- Are you Bickman?
- Yeah.
- I'm Nelson.
- I don't know you.
You will.
- I thought the big boy was coming.
- He'll be along.
I'll show you to your room.
I'm Ranald Bickman Mrs. Nelson.
If there's anything I can do...
There is.
Get out!
Get me long distance.
Come here and make like Mrs. Nelson.
Long distance.
Give me the Nagel Blueprint and
Draughting company in Indianapolis.
Nagel Blueprint Draughting.
Nagel speaking.
Hello, Nagel?
This is Nelson.
Nelson.
Remember we went
to school together in Danville.
School?
Oh, yes. Baby Face.
Boss told me to call you
and ask if you had a job for him.
- Why didn't he call me himself?
- He's not feeling so good Fatso.
He told me to call instead.
Yes I have something
I think might interest him.
Is your office still in the same place?
No. No, we moved.
You know a guy by the name of Bickman?
- Yes I know him.
- How long till you get here?
I'll be on my way in a half hour.
Extra here. Hot off the press.
They've finally done it.
Prohibition has been repealed.
Get your extra here!
That's going to make
a lot of people happy.
Yeah, a lot of other people unhappy.
Hey, somebody coming up in a car.
Come on.
Hold it, hold it!
- Alright, it's just Fatso.
- What's he coming up here for?
Because I told him to, that's why.
Sue, get upstairs
and keep an eye on things.
So you got the stuff,
right off the boat.
No, right off the shelf. Didn't
you hear. You can buy it anywhere.
Yeah?
Kind of takes
all the fun out of drinking.
And out of making it too.
Put the rest of the stuff on the table.
Stanley...
Take his car and ditch it.
Come along with me.
We won't move till the others arrive.
Wait at the highway then come in on foot
Preston, you and Duncan, come with me.
- Looks real good.
- Not a large bank, but an exclusive one
Patronized by the very best people.
Including me.
- What time do we crack it?
- A few minutes after it closes.
I suppose we walk up to the door
and knock and they let us in.
In a manner of speaking yes.
I have all the plans worked out.
It's so simple, I'm surprised
no one ever thought of it before.
All I can see is trees.
That's all there is to see.
You can drink this without going blind.
- Where's Baby?
- With Fatso.
Are you afraid of him too?
- I married him.
- You ain't wearing a ring.
How d'you happen
to get mixed up with him?
Mr. Nelson. Don't you want
to live like other people?
I wouldn't know how to act, Mr. Bickman.
Call me Ranald.
Ranald.
- That's a funny name.
- Scottish.
But you're not are you?
86 proof.
Are you going along on the next job?
If he wants me to.
You don't want to.
We haven't had much time together
in the past few years.
Ever wonder how much time you'll
have together from here in?
I don't care.
About time you did.
I still don't want him knowing.
I love him.
Don't ask me why,
because I haven't got the answer.
No woman ever has.
- I thought I'd find you here.
- Wait a minute Baby Face.
- Baby we weren't doing anything.
We were just talking.
I know his kind of talk.
There's somebody out there.
They're cops.
Bonner's waiting up the road.
He wants the cars left here. Let's go.
It's the cops.
We're getting out of here.
We're taking nothing but guns.
A road in back
joins the highway, It's rough.
The one out front is rougher.
Move!
Preston, get the car.
Have you gone nuts?
Baby, baby, wait!
Let him commit suicide.
Let's get out of here.
We're not running out on him.
Come on out of there.
We're Federal Agents.
Come on out!
Come on. Hurry it up.
Get those hands up.
- Where are the others?
- What are you talking...
Go!
Was it Dillinger?
I don't know.
You're dying Mister.
Was it Dillinger?
No.
Nelson.
Baby Face Nelson.
- Hey, what have we stopped for?
- We've run out of gas.
You stupe.
Why didn't you watch the gauge?
Here comes a car.
Get out and flag them Sue.
Get out.
What's the trouble?
- It won't go.
- Maybe you're out of gas.
- Did you look?
- No.
We're swapping cars with you Mister.
- Alright Mr. Nelson.
- So you know him huh?
That's bad.
Look, I never saw anything.
- Start running.
- Give me a chance, please.
Trigger happy punk.
Have you heard from him?
- I asked you a question, John.
You ask too many questions.
- Why not take me to a movie tonight?
- We've seen them all.
We haven't seen Manhattan Melodrama.
That's why you want to go out/
- Showing off that new red dress.
- D'you like it?
I like what's in it.
Is that all you found out?
John didn't
answer questions, Mr. Parker.
I'm sorry I can't help you
find this Baby Face.
So am I.
Not a line nor a whorl in the system.
Better hadn't be,
with what I'm paying you.
Don't hear many of my faces complaining.
They're all dead.
While we're about it,
we should do something about your face
- You don't like my face?
- Let me say I...
Find it interesting.
I like it the way it is.
Sweethearts and mothers.
Their loved ones are without blemish.
Their mothers.
I may say also,
you're a very fortunate young man.
Luscious helpmate.
Top of your profession.
Thanks to Mr. Dillinger's
luscious young woman.
Poor Johnny.
Should have taken a leaf out of Homer.
Ulysses lashed himself to the mast.
To resist the siren's song.
Pour me a drink my dear.
These skilled hands of mine are behaving
like aspen leaves for some odd reason.
Give him a good shot Sue.
It'll stop him from being so gabby.
Got an ink pad around Doc?
Desk drawer, my dear.
A clean piece of paper.
You aren't by any chance dubious
about the success of the operation?
Drink your gas and shut up.
I think I want to retire.
Honey...
- They're...
- With all the pain I went through
And the $5,000 I owe the doc.
Do your testimonial.
To the greatest surgeon in the world.
How's Johnny Dillinger, Hamilton and
Pretty Boy Floyd and the Barker boys.
I'll give you a testimonial Doc.
- Instead, give me another drink.
- Yeah... yeah...
We'll both have a drink, but not here.
Let's have it outside.
Outside on the front porch.
Come on Doc.
Give you a drink.
- Water...
- Just what you need Doc.
- Did you have trouble getting it?
- No.
Then what took you so long?
I stopped by a creek
and sat listening to it for a while.
What you do a thing like that for?
Three more men to live with than
I bargained for. I'm sick of them all.
We need 'em now.
Do we?
Hey what's the idea?
You're getting to be an awful big man.
Look what we got here.
Are you alright?
I guess so.
I guess it was lucky for me it worked.
I hope it will be lucky for me.
Let's get ready.
- We're closed.
- A registered letter for Mr. Hall.
He'll have to sign for it personal.
- Where do I find him?
- Over there.
Right, everybody...
Hands high. Come on in front.
Don't press those buzzers.
- Or I'll rip this joint to pieces.
- Do as he says.
Come on!
Stay away from that buzzer or it'll be
the last move you make buddy.
Get up. Come on over there.
Move!
- How is it back there?
- Just a second.
You've had it, come on.
The boss goes with us.
If I hear an alarm he's dead.
How come a little guy like you
ever become a bank manager?
I studied and...
- worked hard.
- Size didn't make any difference?
- Well I suppose...
- Ever try wearing lifts?
I do wear them.
You sure are little
Alright Harvey.
This place is alright.
Get out.
Go on. Hitch yourself a ride home.
Come on. Let's get out of here.
- Baby.
- Hiya Honey.
- We're getting out of here tomorrow.
- The whole family?
Get the boys a drink.
Fatso sure picks them sweet.
Get yourself a drink Van,
you deserve it.
Hey what is this? We do all the work
and he does all the counting.
Take away that vest and what is he?
I don't need any vest!
From now on, you're going to wear it.
You know why?
Because you're yellow.
Are you sure that's the man Mr. Hall?
That's the man.
You know, you're lucky to be alive.
I know. I keep pinching myself
to make sure I am.
I'll never forget the look on his face
when I was standing along side the car.
He had death in his eyes.
And then suddenly...
That look disappeared.
You know... I think it's just because
I was a small as he is.
You recognize this man, Mr. Hall?
Er... I can't be sure.
Just a minute... Alex.
Once he sees a face... that's it.
- Yes Mr. Hall.
- Alex, can you recognize this man?
I've seen him twice. Weeks ago.
Card he gave me said he was
a deputy county assessor.
Mason. That was the name.
No!
That was Nagel.
Fatso Nagel!
Good morning Mr. Nagel. Come in.
Why not. It's my office.
What are you doing in it?
Making use of
a search warrant a judge gave us.
- Police?
- F.B.I. Mr. Nagel.
- Did you er...
find what you're looking for?
Yes, but not here.
At the Midland First National,
up in Michigan.
I don't recall doing any business
with Michigan banks.
Do you recall doing any business
with Baby Face Nelson?
This is The Nagel, Blueprint
and Draughting Company, gentlemen.
Stop it Mr. Nagel.
Nelson killed a federal agent
in Little Bohemia.
You were there.
We can charge you as an accessory.
Can you make the charge stick?
Yes, but if you cooperate,
we'll inform the courts.
Where is Nelson, Mr. Nagel?
I don't know. D'you think
he tells people where he is.
- We want answers, not questions.
- Maybe I don't know any answers.
Then what were you doing
at Little Bohemia?
Say I was there.
Say you tailed me there.
Now wouldn't a fellow like Nelson
be cagy about seeing me again>
We thought of that.
This is his next job.
- Go there?
- No, but you can say you did.
The Brewers Bank and Trust in St. Paul.
You can say there's $100,000 in it
any day of the week.
I can say a lot of things, but how
do I get him to hold still and listen?
Fatso, you've been in San Francisco.
You've seen that big rock
out in the bay.
You wouldn't want to spend
the rest of your life there.
So you figure out a way
to make him hold still and listen.
Susie.
Make a call to Daddy from a public phone
on the other side of town.
Daddy?
- Yes Baby?
- 1- 1- 6- 2 State Street, Chicago.
11- 62 State Street.
Noon tomorrow and how much?
Shall we say five Baby.
And it's worth every penny.
It better be.
Better be.
We'll take that Mr. Nagel.
Say, how come you didn't tail her?
Or did you?
We don't want her to know
we're on to you.
How come you didn't ask the taxi
where he picked her up.
Probably in front of Marshall Fields.
But there's one thing
we're going to do,
Turn you over to the police.
The back entrance.
Here's the front.
Right here is the vault.
- Do you know the set up?
- You seen one bank you've seen them all
You figure on getting away in that?
This is awful slow.
You drive up awful slow.
Sue'll be out front to pick us up.
That's it.
If he doesn't show up soon,
we'll wear out our welcome.
- the help's getting awfully nervous.
- So am I but for a different reason.
I'm wondering if he took the bait.
- We got a shipment for you.
- Hurry up, it's heavy.
He'll sleep real good.
The manager just took
some armed guards to the vault.
They must be OK,
or Duncan wouldn't have passed them.
Alright, reach up high Buddy.
Hurry up.
Shut up and face the wall.
Come on. Move.
Right, give it to me.
Alright boys, I've got mine.
You can divvy up the rest.
Alright Sue, I'll take the wheel.
Where are the others?
Back in the vault counting their money.
- You left them behind?
- We don't need them any more.
That money'll keep up
for the rest of our lives.
- They'll tell the cops.
- We're not going back there.
Where we're going,
they'll never look for us.
Going back to the same hideout.
Ditch the car whilst I change clothes.
- Hey, you missed him again.
- Look at those feathers flying around.
- Who wants an old crow anyway?
- I want one.
We ought to be getting home.
Ma'll skin up if we're late for supper.
If you're so worried about Mom,
go on home.
- A couple of kids up there.
- I know.
Lie to me Baby.
Tell me you wouldn't have killed them.
I wouldn't have killed them.
Dinner's on.
Wait a minute.
You forgot to give thanks.
Thanks.
We got a lot to be thankful for.
We're alive ain't we.
Sure we're alive.
We're really living.
We got stew... and bread.
And a sack full of money under the bed
we can't even spend.
It'll be the same
in Canada as it is here.
- In Montreal there are boats leaving...
- When? When?
A week or two.
It'll always be a week or two.
Wanna call it quits?
No!
No I couldn't.
I went into this thing
knowing the score.
Knowing our time was running out fast.
Let's hope it keeps on running.
Slow.
Hi.
We're looking for someone
who knows this area well.
- Hunting or fishing?
- Hunting.
Not around here Mister.
Everything's out of season.
What we're hunting
never goes out of season.
I know just the man for you.
I'll show you
where to find him in a minute.
Be a dollar five Ma'am.
On up the road, about three quarters
of a mile. A guy called Bill Harris.
Baby.
What's up?
Two men in a car
asking for someone to guide them.
No hunters up here.
- Everything's out of season.
- What they're hunting is us.
Pull up and turn around.
That looked like Nelson.
Send out an all points alarm.
Nelson is heading North on Highway 12.
Hand me that chopper.
We lost them.
He's pulling away from us,
still heading North.
We're all set up for him.
Get down!
They hit the radiator.
Grab the money and make a run for it.
Baby!
Help me... here.
You... fin...
finish... finish me... Sue.
No I can't... I can't.
Those... kids that day.
I was...
I was gonna...
I WAS GONNA... KILL 'EM!
Subtitles: Corvusalbus.